Uh!
(gasps)
So you're gonna battle for
your father, are you?
Then how 'bout I take
The Sledgehammer's place?
Back off,
Grizzlepike.
That's enough!
You think it makes you bigger or
stronger or cooler to pick on
somebody that's
smaller than you are?
Gong's opponent in his first
match is Grizzlepike.
Gong and Grizzlepike were once
training partners&
But Gong and Grizzlepike train
together no longer!
Not only did Grizzlepike
disrespect Yuya,
but he disrespected everything
Gong's Duel Dojo stands for!
For that,
Gong will attack
like a bolt
from the blue!
That's the spirit,
my boy!
Daddy,
is that you?
'Course it's me!
You have proven
yourself worthy
of wearing our Dojo's
most sacred sash.
Keep it with you always
as a reminder
that if you stand strong,
you can stand up to any storm!
Gong will!
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(announcer)
Welcome one and all to the duel
tournament that matches
the biggest and brightest stars
of tomorrow today!
That's right, win here and these
amateurs will be one step closer
to being propelled
into the pro leagues!
Zuzu started things off right
yesterday with a big win.
Now it's up to Gong,
Sora and I.
Now it's
our turn to duel!
And nothing's gonna
take us down!
Yaaaah!
Except you!
Oops, I dropped
the sash.
Can you
pick it up for me?
I was told to deliver it to
someone who really needs it.
Hey,
that's Gong's.
He never duels
without it.
Hey!
Stop!
Hurry!
Gong's up next!
(announcer)
Please take your seats!
Our first duel of the day
will be starting in seconds!
Where's Yuya?
He said that
he'd be waiting for us.
Look!
He's there!
At least,
he was right there.
What's Pinky over there
want with Gong's sash?
My best guess is
he's working for Grizzlepike!
I think he's trying
to mess with Gong
by taking something
important to him!
What a creep!
Hey, I recognize you now‐‐
Aren't you Yuya Sakaki?
Don't you have
a duel of your own today?
Yeah, but that's not what's
important right now.
Right now, we gotta get
that sash back for Gong!
(cheering and applause)
Welcome duel fans to the
second day of our tournament!
I know you're cheering
because you're excited,
but I'm going to bow
like it's for me!
Thanks,
I needed that.
Now,
without further ado,
let's bring in the two duelists
in our initial contest!
I'd say this first fellow
needs no introduction,
but then I'd be out of a job,
so here goes.
He's big, he's bad,
he's Grizzlepike Jones!
And his opponent,
representing Paradise City's
prestigious Duel Dojo,
he's tough,
he's rough!
He's Gong Strong!
Nice sash
you got there.
Your dad give it
to ya?
He's not just
Gong's daddy.
He happens to be
Gong's master as well!
And as you know,
a new sash is given before
every important match!
Of course
I know that,
but it's a real good thing
everyone doesn't.
What?
And now...
Let's select our field spell,
shall we?
Round and round it goes,
where it lands, now we know!
All right!
Let's...
Bust it out!
I activate the Action Field
spell, Calamity Cove!
(computer voice)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Works for me.
But
I wonder...
How are things working out
for Yuya right now?
For Yuya?
Huh?
Uh, what's going on?
(snickering)
Where're you going?
You dope!
You fell
for it!
You never shoulda got on
Grizzlepike's bad side!
Huh?
Talk now!
Tell Gong what you've
done to Yuya!
What's wrong, Gong?
You seem angry
and out of sorts,
I thought your dojo was
supposed to teach discipline!
(growling)
Or maybe your dojo isn't as
great as you think it is.
And your dad,
the so‐called master,
is just a giant phony!
Now maybe you'll
finally understand
why I stopped
training there!
You punk!
But back to Yuya
and the danger he's in,,,
(gasps)
He's outnumbered and
about to be done‐in duel style!
In order
to save him,
I think you know what
you're gonna have to do...
And that's take off and
go rescue him right now.
Of course, then you'll
have to forfeit the match!
Wish I could hear what
those two were talking about.
Better yet,
I wish I knew where
on earth Yuya ran off to!
‐ Zuzu?
‐ Hey, Yuya!
Can't really talk right now
but don't worry, I'm okay.
And let Gong know his
sash'll be okay, too.
Yuya?
To forfeit the match
against you
would be to dishonor Gong's dojo
and Gong's master!
So you're choosing to duel
over saving Yuya?
Wrong!
Gong will do both!
You mean, beat me‐‐
(grunts)
and then go find Yuya
and save him?
That's the plan!
Well, not a very good one
if you ask me...
'Cause Yuya
won't last that long!
Let's duel!
(computer voice)
Action Cards dispersed.
I'll go ahead and
make the first move.
And with it...
I summon
Granite Battleguard!
And due to
its special ability,
I'm allowed to bring out
another brute,
Boulder Battleguard!
Oh, my!
The duel's
just begun, and already
Grizzlepike has two mangling
monsters on his field!
I'll end my turn
with a facedown.
Now, let's see what
you've got for me, Gong!
And see if you've got
what it takes to save Yuya!
(growling)
Oh, Gong's got what
it takes, all right!
And more!
First of all, because you have
two Neanderthal numbskulls
on your side
of the field...
Gong is allowed
to summon
this big, bad Samurai
from Gong's hand!
Come on out,
Superheavy Samurai Big Waraji!
And since Waraji
is so big,
it counts as two monsters
when Gong Tribute Summons,
and that's just what Gong's
gonna do!
So now, thanks
to my Superheavy Samurai,
Gong can bring out the
Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei
in defense mode!
A masterful
move!
Just like that,
Gong's protected from
Grizzlepike's pummeling pair!
And Big Benkei can do more
than just protect.
It can attack with
its defense points, too!
Yeah, all 3,500
of them!
I'd like
that many pretzels!
Sometimes I wonder why we
bring you along, Frederick.
Yuya said he was okay
on the phone
but something tells me
he may not be.
And what did he mean
about Gong's sash?
Since there are no spell or trap
cards in Gong's graveyard,
by sending one Superheavy
Samurai to the graveyard,
Gong can
summon this card.
Superheavy Samurai
Trumpeter!
Huh!
(trumpet playing)
All right,
it's a Tuner Monster!
And I think we all know
what comes next!
Synchro Summon!
Nice try, Gong...
But I play...
A trap!
Battleguard Sorcery!
This'll let me turn the heat up,
get my groove on
and make sure
the hits keep coming!
Now, I get to take control
of one of your monsters!
What?
And I think
that I'll go...
with Trumpeter!
That's bad, ja?
Yeah, now Gong can't
Synchro Summon!
Ha ha ha ha!
You're as predictable
as your dojo is pathetic,
I knew what
you were planning there!
You see,
I have discipline, too,
and I used it
to research you
and your secret
Synchro sessions.
And because I did,
time will keep counting down
for your
little friend&
That is, if it's not
already too late for him!
Yuya...
Stay strong.
Oh!
Four‐on‐one
isn't fair at all&
But I gotta hang on
for Gong!
(announcer)
What a duel
this is turning out to be
with our two card slingers
slapping down
their
very best beasts
and not backing down
in the least!
But even though
Gong is standing strong,
Grizzlepike seems
to have the advantage.
After all, he has Trumpeter,
one of Gong's monsters!
Gotta say, Kit,
Gong's not looking too good.
Did you teach him how to get
his monster stolen like that?
Gong!
You better
turn this around!
I'm counting
on you...
To make me
look good!
Yuya,
this is for you!
Big Benkei!
Rock Granite
Battleguard!
Nope.
I activate Boulder
Battleguard's ability!
It puts a stop to an attack
against my battling brute!
That's not good!
Curses!
Now even more time's
been wasted!
I don't get it.
Why's he
in such a hurry?
What's the matter
with you, Gong?
Having a hard time?
Can't stand up
to this here storm?
Thought your dojo was all about
being strong and unshakeable&
Yeah, I remember
your dojo's creed.
I always thought
it was garbage.
If only Yuya knew that you
had a chance to save him...
But instead decided to stay
and fight for your honor.
I wonder what
he would think? Ha!
No!
Stop it!
That's it.
Let my words sink in
like daggers.
Daggers that rip your
duel training to shreds.
That always was
your weakness, Gong.
Your friends.
Face it, Gong,
you have no honor
and your dojo
has taught you nothing!
(Zuzu) Don't listen
to him, Gong!
Yuya's
gonna be okay!
What do you mean?
I heard from him earlier and
he said for us not to worry!
And that he's going
to get you your sash back!
Get Gong's sash?
We all know how much
you care about Yuya, Gong...
But now you have
to trust in him, too!
Yes, I agree!
Believe in
your friend Yuya.
But also
believe that&
You are unshakeable and can
stand up to anything!
Gong believes!
Ha ha ha!
So Yuya thinks
that he's okay...
Well, I got
some bad news.
That doesn't
make it so!
Oh, yes,
it does!
Gong can feel
his strength!
I'm getting back
Gong's sash...
No matter what!
Gong trusts Yuya
with all Gong's heart!
Yuya's
a helpless kid.
Gong used
to think that.
But Yuya's not the same
duelist he was when we first
met!
Yeah, he's come
a long way!
And since this duel began, Gong,
too, has come a long way!
Gong once again feels the power
of his dojo!
You go, Gong!
I feel you
feeling the power!
Oh, yeah!
Let it flow!
He sure is letting
the tears flow.
And now,
I'll end my turn.
You're kidding.
Next time, cheer him on
when his turn starts.
Gong's move may be over,
but if Gong knows Yuya,
he's making his
big move right about now.
Ladies, Grizzlepiketlemen,
your attention!
That's right,
it's showtime!
So
please enjoy...
Because after this show,
it's curtains for the rest
of your life points!
Bravo!
What a show!
(laughing)
This doesn't
change a thing!
And do you
know why?
'Cause you're too far behind
in this duel to come back!
It's my draw!
I tribute my three monsters to
summon the menacingly mystical
Shaman Battleguard!
(explosion)
(monster laughing wildly)
Whoa!
What is that?
That's very
un‐wunderbar!
That monster's moves
put the twist in twisted.
I can't wait to see
what he does next.
And now...
I activate Shaman
Battleguard's special ability!
It's one you may find
familiar and quite frustrating.
I'm allowed to steal away
one of your monsters!
He swiped
Big Benkei!
That's
wunderbad!
And I'm not
finished yet.
First, I took
your monster,
and now I'll use it
to take your life points!
Go, Big Benkei!
Attack Gong directly!
(explosion)
Run away!
But that goes against
everything Gong believes in.
(announcer)
Ouch!
Gong is running out
of life points
and out of room
on that cliff edge!
This is bad.
If he's
hit again‐‐
He'll fall!
He's toast,
it's game over.
There's no way Gong
can come back from this.
And no way to restore my rep
if he loses!
(chuckling)
Looks like we've got
a real cliffhanger.
But don't worry.
This duel's gonna
be over soon!
'Cause you're over,
Gong!
Everything you
and your dojo stand for
are crashing down
hard below!
That is, unless you give up now,
then maybe I'll spare you.
Gong'll
never give up!
'Specially not to the likes
of you!
All right then,
you had your chance,
but now it looks like
I have no other choice...
Shaman Battleguard,
attack Gong directly!
Not so fast!
Gong banishes
Superheavy Samurai Gigagloves
to activate its
special ability!
That allows Gong to draw a card
from his deck.
And if that card is
a Superheavy Samurai,
then your monster's attack
points become zero!
Draw!
Yeah!
(yelling)
Nice try!
(explosion)
Gong's dojo teaches to fight
'til the end,
even if you're on
the end of a cliff!
(cheering)
(announcer) Simply sensational!
Gong was about
to be taken down,
way down, but he was
able to hang in there
with a smoking hot
duel strategy!
That wasn't strategy,
that was luck.
But luck won't win this because
as long I have Big Benkei,
you're not allowed
to attack my Shaman Battleguard!
And even if you happen to bring
out a monster that's stronger
than Big Benkei
to take it out,
that won't matter
one little bit
because I'll use
my Shaman Battleguard
to take control of your
new monster anyway!
In other words,
you simply can't win!
So now
I'll end my turn!
The battle sash Gong
received from his daddy...
A shame!
But Gong will have to just
keep dueling without it.
It's gonna be tough.
Gong hopes he doesn't get
torn apart like that sash.
(Yuya)
Gong!
Yuya!
He's okay!
Yuya.
In the flesh!
Now catch!
Yuya!
Gong's glad you're safe.
And for the sash
Gong thanks you!
Time to wrap up
this duel.
Grizzlepike!
Let's get back
to battling!
My draw!
To get things rolling&
Gong summons
another Tuner monster,
Superheavy Samurai
Battleball!
A Tuner Monster?
But what's the point if you
don't have another monster out
to tune it with?
You're missing the point,
Grizzlepike.
Gong doesn't need
another monster
to tune
with Battleball...
Not if you
have one!
What'd you say?
Battleball's ability
lets Gong tune it
with a monster
on your field.
A monster like Big Benkei,
to be exact!
There's no way you're ready
for what's next!
This monster is gonna bring you
some big‐league pain!
Gong Synchro Summons!
Level 10 Superheavy Samurai
Warlord Susanowo!
Yeah, I taught him
to do that!
Hooray!
Next, Gong equips Superheavy
Samurai Soulbuster Gauntlet
on Susanowo!
Now Susanowo gains
400 defense points!
Wait...
No way!
I'm not liking
where this is going.
But Gong does!
Because in just a matter
of moments, Grizzlepike,
you're through!
After all, Susanowo uses its
defense points to attack
while
in defense mode!
And since that Shaman
has no attack points,
it's gonna be completely
and totally destroyed!
Wait, does that mean
that Gong could win this?
No, it means
Gong will win!
Now we dance!
Woo!
Go&
Swinging Sword Slash!
(announcer)
And there you have it!
Our winner by way of a walloping
whack of the sword‐‐ Gong!
I knew he'd win
all along.
After all, he learned
from the best!
Gong's sorry that he worried
so much about you...
Friendo.
Hey, now we know we can both
stand strong and face any storm.
Yuya!
(Frederick) Why was it you were
so delayed in getting to here?
I ran into a couple of
Grizzlepike's pals.
They tried to steal
the spotlight,
but I showed them!
Well, duel fans,
this match may be over,
but that just means another
battle can now begin!
Yuya Sakaki and Sylvio Sawatari,
report to the center duel court.
You two duelists are set
to tangle next!
Time to shine!
♪